README.md, before:

# Weather-Dashboard
Created an app that allows the user to see the weather outlook for multiple cities so that they can plan accordingly.
User is given a dashboard with forms of input so that they can search for a city with current and future weather conditions.
User is given the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity the wind speed and the UV index.
When viewing the index the user is presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate or severe.
User is presented with 5 day forecasts that display the date, an icon of representation of weather conditions, temperature and humidity when viewing future weather conditions for city they choose.
User is able to click on a city in the search history and presented with previous information of weather.

HTML, CSS, JavaScript and bootstrap were used for application.

Screenshot of functioning website.
<img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70343136/99893072-81604b00-2c41-11eb-8e29-eb417e5b5944.png" width ="200">


Link of deployed site: https://dora-o.github.io/Weather-Dashboard/.

Commit message:

updated readme with screenshot and colors for uv index

README.md, after:

# Weather-Dashboard
Created an app that allows the user to see the weather outlook for multiple cities so that they can plan accordingly.
User is given a dashboard with forms of input so that they can search for a city with current and future weather conditions.
User is given the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity the wind speed and the UV index.
When viewing the index the user is presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate or severe.
User is presented with 5 day forecasts that display the date, an icon of representation of weather conditions, temperature and humidity when viewing future weather conditions for city they choose.
UV Index colors: favorable will be green, moderate will be yellow and severe will be red.
Application will save the five most recent searches.
User is able to click on a city in the search history and presented with previous information of weather.

HTML, CSS, JavaScript and bootstrap were used for application.

Screenshot of functioning website.
<img src ="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70343136/106690051-aacd1980-6596-11eb-91f3-f105c4495a48.png" width ="200">


Link of deployed site: https://dora-o.github.io/Weather-Dashboard/.
